In a large pan, place the meat, water, salt, small onion, celery leaves, and bay leaf. Cover and simmer about 2-1/2 hours until the meat is tender. Remove the meat. Strain the broth (should measure 2 quarts). Add ice cubes to the broth to harden the fat and remove the fat. Discard the fat. Finely dice the meat, discarding any fat and bones (should be about 2 cups). In a 5 to 6 quart kettle or Dutch oven, combine the beef broth and the meat. Place over low heat while preparing the rest of the ingredients. Pan-fry the bacon until crisp. Add the bacon and the drippings and all the remaining ingredients, except Parmesan cheese, to the broth. Cover and simmer about 30 minutes, until the vegetables and macaroni are tender. Serve sprinkled with Parmesan cheese, if desired. Makes about 3 quarts. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 In a heavy saucepan, melt the butter/margarine. Add onions and cook until they are golden, do not brown. Add the undiluted beef broth, 1 soup can of water, Coca-Cola, salt, vinegar, and pepper. Cover and simmer 20 to 25 minutes. In a broiler, toast one side of the French bread slices. Turn and generously sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese. Toast until browned. Into deep bowls, ladle the soup and top with the toast, cheese-sided up. Makes 4 servings or about 6 cups. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 Trim all fat from the meat and cut into pencil-thin strips. In a deep skillet or Dutch oven, heat oil, garlic, and salt. Add the meat and brown over high heat, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally with a fork. Add the beef broth. Cover and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the meat is fork-tender. Stir in the green pepper strips, celery, onions, and 1/2 cup of Coca-Cola. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Do not overcooked; the vegetables should be tender-crisp. Peel the tomatoes, cut into wedges, gently stir into meat. Blend cornstarch with the 1/4 cup of Coca-Cola and the soy sauce. Stir mixture into the meat and cook until sauce is thickens, about 1 minute, stirring lightly with a fork. Serve over hot rice. Makes 6 (3/4 cup) servings. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 2 to 4 days before serving, wipe the meat with a damp cloth, then place in a large plastic bag. In a large bowl, throuoghly combine the vinegar, Coca-Cola, water, onions, celery, carrots, pepper, cloves, bay leaves, sugar, and salt and pour over meat. Fasten bag tightly and lay flat in a 13x9-inch pan. Refrigerate, turning bag each day. (If you like a sour sauerbraten, let meat marinate 4 days.) When ready to cook, remove meat (saving marinade) and dry well. Rub the surface lightly with flour. In Dutch oven, heat oil or shortening and slowly brown the meat well on all sides. Add 1 cup of the marinade liquid plus some of the vegetables and bay leaves. Cover tightly and simmer on surface heat or in a preheat, 350 degree F oven for 3 to 4 hours until the meat is fork-tender. If needed, add more marinade during cooking to keep at least 1/2-inch liquid in the Dutch oven. Remove the meat and keep warm until ready to slice. Into a large measuring cup, strain the drippings. Add several ice cubes and let stand a few minutes until the fat separates out. Remove fat, then make gravy. Makes 8 servings. TO MAKE THE GRAVY: In the Dutch oven, combine the gravy ingredients, stir and cook about 5 minutes over medium heat until gravy is thickened. Taste for seasonings. Makes 3 cups of gravy. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 Rinse the chicken pieces. In a pot of boiling salted water, cook the chicken with a few celery tops. Cover and simmer about 1 hour or until fork-tender. Drain and strain the broth; reserve. Bone the chicken and cut it into 1/2-inch pieces to measure about 2-1/2 cups. In a skillet, melt the butter/margarine. Add the apple, onion, and curry powder and saute for 5 minutes, blending well. Stir in the raisins, 1 cup of the reserved chicken broth, and the Coca-Cola. In a bowl, mix flour with the coffee cream/evaporated milk, stirring until smooth. Add with salt and white pepper to the onion/apple mixture. Stir and cook over low heat until thick and creamy. Taste for seasoning. Add the chicken and turn into a covered container to chill overnight. Reheat in the top of a double boiler over hot water and serve on cooked rice with a selection of condiments (See NOTE below). Makes 6 servings. NOTE: Provide a sampling of the following condiments for sprinkling on top of each serving: grated coconut, chopped peanuts, chopped raw onions, raisins, sweet pickle relish, chutney, chow chow, and/or lime wedges. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 Cut the beef into 1/2-inch cubes, discarding the bone and fat. In a Dutch oven, melt the margarine and add the meat, stirring to brown on all sides. Remove the meat cubes as they brown. Saute the onion and garlic in the drippings until they are soft. Stir in the paprika, salt, and caraway seeds; cook for 1 minute. Stir in the meat, Coca-Cola, wine, and tomatoes. Cover tightly; simmer about 1-1/2 hours or until the meat is fork-tender. In a bowl, blend the flour with a little water to make a smooth paste; stir into goulash. Serve with hot noodles. Makes 8 servings (about 6 cups). Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 Cut beef into 1/2-inch strips; put in a plastic bag with 3 tablespoons of flour and the salt. Shake until the meat is evenly coated. In a heavy skillet or Dutch oven, heat oil/shortening, add the meat strips and brown slowly, stirring often. Add onion, garlic, Coca-Cola, and 1/4 cup of water; mix well. Cover and simmer 30 to 45 minutes or until the meat is fork-tender. In a bowl, mix the 2 tablespoons of flour with the 1/2 cup of water until smooth. Stir into the meat along with the Worcestershire sauce and the undrained mushrooms. Stir and cook until thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. (If making ahead for reheating later, do not add the sour cream now. Reheat, then complete the recipe directions.) Stir in the sour cream and heat gently just until the gravy simmers. Sprinkle with parsley and serve over potatoes, noodles, or rice. Makes 6 servings or 3 cups. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 In a large bowl, combine the cauliflower flowerets and bell pepper strips. Cover with boiling water. Let stand for 2 minutes; drain thoroughly. Add the celery. In a small pan, heat the Coca-Cola, wine/white vinegar, sugar, and salt. Pour over vegetables. Toss lightly with a fork, and pack into 1-quart glass jars. Push down lightly so the liquid covers the vegetables. Cover and chill overnight. This keeps in the refrigerator for several days. Makes about 1 quart. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 Lightly spoon the flour into a measuring cup; level off. In a large bowl, stir together the flour, rolled oats, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl, beat with a fork, the egg, oil, and vanilla extract until well blended. Add to the flour mixture. Add the Coca-Cola, prunes, and nuts; blend thoroughly with a spoon. Turn into a well-greased, lightly floured, 9x5x3-inch loaf pan. Garnish with prune halves, if desired. Bake in a preheated, 350 degree F oven for about 1 hour or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out cleans. Cool on a rack for 20 minutes before removing the bread from the pan. Store in foil overnight before slicing. Makes 1 loaf. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 TO MAKE THE CAKE: In a large mixing bowl, combine the cake mix, baking soda, and eggs. Measure the Coca-Cola, stir briskly until the foaming stops; add to the batter. Blend ingredients just until moistened, then beat at high speed of an electric mixer for 3 minutes, scraping the bowl often. In a bowl, combine the mashed bananas with the lemon juice; add to the batter. Add the chopped nuts to the batter and beat for 1 minute at medium speed. Turn the batter into a well-greased, lightly floured, 13x9x2-inch pan. Bake in a preheated, 350 degree F oven for about 40 minutes or until the cake tests done. Cool on a rack for 15 minutes, remove cake from pan and turn right-side up on a rack to finish cooling. TO MAKE THE SEA FOAM FROSTING: In the top of a double boiler, combine all the ingredients except the vanilla extract. Beat 1 minute at high speed of an electric mixer. Place over boiling water (the water should not touch the bottom of the top half of the double boiler.). Beat on high speed about 7 minutes until the frosting forms peaks when the mixer is raised. Remove from boiling water (for the smoothest frosting, empty into a large bowl). Add the vanilla extract and continue beating on high speed until thick enough to spread, about 2 minutes. Spread on the sides and top of the cold banana cake. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 In the top of a double-boiler over hot water, melt the chocolate squares. Stir in the sugar. Gradually stir in hot coffee, mixing thoroughly. Add the milk and continue cooking until all particles of the chocolate are dissolved and the mixture is smooth, about 10 minutes. Pour into a jar. Cover and chill. When ready to serve, stir in the chilled Coca-Cola. Serve over ice cubes in tall glasses. For a beverage, top with whipped cream. For a dessert, add a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Makes 5 cups. Recipe: "International Cooking with Coca-Cola", a give-away pamphlet from The Coca-Cola Company, 1981 